Yeah, it's so quiet out here,
I feel like I'm all alone.
Mm.
No, Mom, that's a good thing.
Yeah, after all that nonsense
with Jeff,
I just really needed
to get away and unplug.
No, I don't know.
No, I don't really want
to get into it if I'm honest.
It's a divorce.
He's a jerk,
it's gonna be messy.
Yeah, I just really want
to relax.
Okay.
Mm.
Hey, Mom?
Mom, I'm gonna go ahead and go.
Yeah, I'll talk to you
in a few days when I get back.
Yeah, I know.
I love you, too, mm-hm.
Okay. Bye.
♪ I'm the type who expects you
to surface ♪
♪ 'Cause then I'll wait for you
to come through ♪
Howdy, partner!
- Are you going country on me?
- Hardly.
I'm just packing up
a few of Craig's things.
And trying them all on
as you do it?
You don't think
I can pull it off?
Danielle.
Yeesh.
So, what are you gonna do
with all this junk?
Gonna leave it in the garage
until he picks it up.
You should throw it away.
Some of it is good stuff.
Then you donate it to Goodwill.
You don't give it back to him.
It's his, though.
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
Why?
Well, because Craig
cheated on you
and lied to you about it
and then got caught red-handed
here in your home.
And now you're packing up
all of his things
all nice and neatly for him?
What else am I supposed to do?
I can't have all of him
in my house.
Besides, he's still
on the mortgage
and I don't want to give him
any ammunition
to use against me.
He'll get what's coming to him.
I know it.
There she is, there's my spicy
best friend I know and love!
Ugh.
For the record,
while I'm not happy
how things unfolded,
I am glad that they did.
I mean, he wasn't good enough
for you.
Alesha...
Sorry. Too soon.
Thank you.
There's just
so many memories here.
Maybe you should get away.
- And go where?
- Anywhere!
Go see your mom.
Or better yet,
where's your computer?
Why?
Vacation.
You, me, Hannah.
I can't take a vacation
right now.
- I have work.
- Mm-hm.
Next week is really important
and sweeps are coming up.
- Found it!
- Found what?
It's only 20 miles away
and it is right at the beach.
You're not gonna let up
on this, are you?
Nope.
You do the honors.
Okay.
Ahh! Ha-ha!
Party central!
Here we come!
Oh, this is gonna be a blast.
Wow.
- Ooh.
- Wow.
Wow, you were right.
Skipping Derek's
niece's birthday for.
Yeah, and, I mean, she's two.
She's not gonna remember.
And besides, she needs us more
right now.
Okay, ladies, so, to recap.
The primary bedroom
which is right down the hall
over there.
- Thank you.
- And, then, there's two
other bedrooms
for me and Hannah.
You can pick.
I'm fine with whatever.
Okay, well, then,
I'll pick the one back here
because it's bigger.
- See you guys later!
- Yes.
Shall we?
Woo-hoo!
Party time!
Not today, Craig.
Woo! Woo-hoo!
Oh, it is never too early
for champagne.
- It's champagne.
- Yes, yes, yes.
Bubbly, bubbly.
Who doesn't love bubbly?
- Thank you.
- Yes, ladies, yes, yes, yes.
Partake, please.
Okay.
A cheers to Danielle,
who is the bestest friend
anyone can have
and the hottest
and newest single thang
- to hit the town.
- Oh, yeah.
Okay, I'm telling ya,
when people think about divorce,
they do not picture
this little number, okay?
To Danielle.
- Cheers.
- Cheers to that.
Danielle Banks,
celebrating a divorce.
Ooh, let's go look at the view.
Let's feel free.
Oh, this is beautiful!
It's just what I needed.
And whatever you want to do
this weekend, we're doing it.
Unless you don't say,
"Let's go to the beach,"
'cause then
we're gonna have problems.
I'm kidding!
Kind of.
The beach would be perfect.
The beach it is.
To the beach.
What about right here?
Ooh, actually, how about
all the way over there?
What? Close to all those guys?
Those hot guys playing football?
- Uh, yeah.
- Well,
I just brought my book
and I'm good.
Okay, well, you can read
your book over there.
We'll be two single women
in their prime against one.
Yeah, I like that.
Come on!
- She does have a point.
- I know.
Run, single lady, run!
Woo!
Ugh, oh my God, this is amazing.
Why don't we live like this
every day
for the rest of our lives?
Some people got to work.
I like my job.
The stories I share
with my community
Well, that's why you're
the best news producer I know.
How many news producers
do you know?
- Do you want a compliment?
- I'll take it.
Oh, I need another drink.
Want to head back to the house?
Actually, I have a better idea.
Dani, why don't you go see
what is in those guys' cooler?
Why me?
Because that guy
keeps looking over here
and he ain't looking at me.
Because her hat is so big
it covers half her face.
They can't even see
what she looks like.
- He's kind of cute.
- See?
Go. Go, go, go, go, go!
Come on.
Okay, I'm going.
Ah, lose that shirt.
- Shirt.
- Woo-hoo!
So what do you think,
is this gonna work?
Let's hope so.
- Hi.
We were just watching
you guys play
and it looks like
you are having fun.
- Yeah.
- That's not what I meant to say.
What I meant was...
I'm Jack.
Jack, hi.
Uh, nice to meet you.
So, we're on vacation, and we...
- And you are?
- Out of practice.
What?
- I'm Danielle.
- Nice to meet you too, Danielle.
Would you and your friends
like to come over?
We're finished playing
for the day.
- Really?
- Yeah, uh, and maybe
it'll get your friend
to stop staring at us.
They're calling us.
♪ Come on, babe
♪ I feel my own rhythm
♪ And I'm taking my time
making any decisions ♪
- Nice to meet you. Jack.
- Hi! Alesha.
Hi. Hannah.
- You guys want to come over?
- Yes!
♪ You got me feeling like
♪ Got me singing like
yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
- Cheers.
♪ Got me feeling like
yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Got me singing like
♪ Got me moving
like yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ You got me feeling like ♪
You're a very pretty man,
you know that?
I don't think I've ever been
called pretty before,
but I'm glad you think so.
I need to go back to the house.
Uh, I have to go back.
- Go back? Now?
- Yeah, you can stay.
I just... the drinks and the sun.
Uh, I wouldn't mind taking you,
if that's not weird.
I don't think so.
Okay.
I'll help you with your stuff.
Let the vacation really begin.
I had a really nice time today.
So did I.
I'll just set this down
and, uh, I'll be going.
Should I put it
in the back yard?
Oh, there is fine.
- Okay.
So...
Um, well, I should be going.
Mm.
Too much?
Not enough.
Are you thirsty?
We have champagne and champagne.
Champagne.
- Wow, this house is...
- Not a nightmare?
Yeah, definitely
not a nightmare.
What a view.
It's beautiful.
This is the perfect day.
You're not married, are you?
No.
Why?
Because I am, technically,
but that is over and done with.
That's why you're here, right?
Celebrating the divorce.
- So, Alesha told you, huh?
- Yeah, pretty much,
as soon as you left
to go to the restroom.
Got it.
Are you cool with that?
He's not gonna be
showing up here, is he?
Not a chance.
Then I'm cool.
Okay.
What is that?
It's the front door.
Hey.
Well, hello, Mr. Jack.
Uh, have you two
been behaving yourselves?
What time is it?
It's dinnertime, babe.
And I am starving!
Sorry about the knocking.
This one here lost her key.
I didn't so much lose it as...
I don't have it.
It's okay, I'm sure
we can get another one
from the rental company.
I'm feeling like sushi.
- Is everyone okay with that?
- Yeah.
Uh, thank you, but I should
actually get going.
- Oh, okay.
- I have surf lessons
early in the morning that I need
to be well-rested for.
Can't have my students
drowning on me, can I?
That would not be good
for business.
Not at all, but I'd love
to take you out tomorrow
- on a real date.
- I would like that.
Can you just do me one favor?
- What's that?
- Can we not call it a date?
With everything
I'm going through.
Uh, yeah. Uh, not a date.
We can call it
a "casual hangout."
I like it.
- Lame!
- Yeah.
I'm sorry, for the first time
I have to side with...
It's lame.
How about we meet at the canals,
like 7:00?
Sounds good.
Sounds like a non-date.
Perfect.
I'll walk you out.
- See you tomorrow?
- Yeah.
I'll be there!
Thank you, man.
Have a good night.
Who are you?
Stop!
- Hey, guys.
- Hey.
- Have you seen my bracelet?
- What bracelet?
Yeah, what bracelet?
- Never mind.
- Okay, well, what are you doing?
You should come,
you should join us.
- I was just getting ready.
- Getting ready?
Girl, it's, like, noon
and aren't you meeting him
- She's nervous.
- Okay, it's not noon,
and I'm not nervous.
I just haven't been
on a first date in a long time.
Oh, I thought it wasn't a date.
With a guy who isn't Craig
in a long time.
Well, what about yesterday?
Okay, you don't
have to answer that.
Just come over here
and chill with us.
I can't sit.
Uh, okay, then we'll go out.
Okay, where should we go?
Well, it's a beach town.
Let's go walk around,
see the beach,
get out some of that
nervous/not nervous energy
and possibly get you
something sexy to wear tonight.
What's wrong
with what I'm wearing?
Hannah?
Yeah, we're going out.
- Yeah, let's go out.
- Okay.
♪ Forget everything I know, oh
Don't fall in silly!
You know I'm the clumsiest
out of the three of us.
♪ Found my way
back to you, ooh ♪
♪ Go where you
want to go, oh ♪
You want us to hang around
until he gets here?
I'm sure he'll be here soon.
Okay, good luck, honey.
- Text us if you need anything.
- I will.
You look stunning.
- Stop.
- No, she's right.
You look beautiful.
Thank you.
Love you, guys.
And we love you.
Enjoy.
- Okay, see you later.
- Bye.
Oh, hey, do you want to get
something to eat?
- Yeah, sure.
- Do you still
Oh, I don't know,
I'm a little tired.
Plus, it's not
what it used to be.
Eh. Oh, hang on.
It's Danielle.
- Hello?
- Jack ghosted me.
- What?
- Yeah.
I called and texted,
and he never showed up.
- Oh, honey, I'm sorry.
- Yeah.
It's okay, I guess this is
what dating is like now.
Where are you?
I'm walking back to the rental.
We're gonna get
something to eat.
I'd rather just go back
and curl into a ball.
Well, we're gonna grab
something really quickly,
and then we're gonna head back
as soon as possible, okay?
Yeah, sounds good.
- See you soon.
- Okay, babe.
- What a jerk.
- Yeah, he seemed so nice.
Men.
Help!
Please, someone help me!
Someone just tried to attack me!
- Call 911.
- Are you okay?
And you saw no one
in the immediate area
when you approached the house?
There were a couple people
on the street.
They were the ones
who helped me.
So, this Jack,
did you happen
to catch his last name?
No.
I have his phone number.
We'll need that later.
Your attacker got into a van.
Yeah, it was, um...
It was a gray van.
No windows.
There wasn't a lot of light.
Did you see
a license plate at all?
- No.
- Anything unusual on the van:
scratches, dents,
bumper stickers?
I don't know,
it was just a gray van.
Excuse me. Just a moment.
Can I help you, gentlemen?
This is a crime scene
if you couldn't tell.
Apparently.
Anton King, I'm head
of security operations
in this region for Escape Pads.
This is Michael Snyder,
my assistant.
We work for the company
that owns this property.
I see. And...
And your department contacted us
about the incident that occurred
early this evening.
- Is that the victim?
- It is.
She's a little occupied
at the moment.
We just wondered
if we could speak with her
I don't think
that'll be possible, fellas.
I'd be glad to talk
to the two of you eventually,
but you need to leave
while I'm investigating here.
If I could just speak
to the client for one second.
I'm sure you have her
contact information on file.
You can establish whatever
contact you need that way, okay?
Lou, can you show these guys
out for me?
No, got it, got it.
So no sign of forced entry
at all?
So, what are your thoughts?
Well, obviously this Jack
is our primary suspect.
We didn't find any signs
of forced entry
and he was inside the night
before the attack.
But how...
What?
I lost my key.
Okay... well, when Hannah and I
got back from the beach,
he was already inside
with Danielle.
In fact, he had to let us in.
That's very helpful to know.
We don't know what happened.
We don't even know
if the key was used.
Just focus
on helping your friend.
Okay? Hold on to this.
I gave one to Danielle,
but people in her state
can get, you know,
a little frazzled.
Okay.
Did the detective leave?
Yes, Detective Greer said
we can pack up our things
and go home
and they'll call us
if anything develops.
Well, there's not much else
they can do right now.
What do you wanna do, Dani?
Do you need some time
before we hit the road
or do you want to go now?
♪ I just want to pack our bags
and go.
Hang on, I'll get that.
Hi, we spoke earlier.
I'm Anton King, head of security
for Escape Pads.
This is my associate, Michael.
You can call me Mike.
So, are you guys here to give us
a refund or something?
We'd be happy to put you up
in a premium rental
for the remainder of your stay
if you like.
Yeah, it's not the size
of the house
that's the problem, Michael.
- Mike.
- Okay, um,
I know that this
is a sensitive time.
We were just wondering
if we can ask you
some questions
about the incident.
It's just security protocol
for when or if any crimes
happen on our properties.
Well, now's not
a very good time.
Oh, oh, I understand.
Well, um, maybe we could
come back tomorrow morning
after you've had
a good night's rest.
Yeah, we're... we're not staying
the night, you know,
with a guy breaking in
and attacking my friend.
- Yeah, sorry.
- Just didn't seem like
the right thing.
Leaving this late?
How far is home?
Lakeview.
Oh, um, it's on your paperwork.
I took a look
before we came over.
So you're close.
That's great.
Is everything okay?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
everything's fine.
Well, we'll leave you alone,
and when you're ready to talk,
you have my information.
It's going to be
a short discussion.
We just need some things
for our records.
Do we have to come back here?
No, ma'am, we'll come to you.
Okay, it was nice
meeting you ladies.
Thank you.
Okay, I think we've had enough
for one night, yeah?
Yeah. Thank you, guys.
Did you contact Pennington yet?
Waiting to hear back.
You know, that's him right now.
He's said he's looking into it,
he'll text us.
Until we get this police report,
it's hard to tell.
I want to have zero liability
attached to this one.
Can you handle that?
Why do I even have you?
As of now, it seems like
a B&E gone wrong.
If that holds,
it should stay out of the paper
and maybe nothing'll come of it.
Or maybe it's Portland
all over again.
Or Denver.
Denver went away.
That never happened
as far as I'm concerned.
Okay.
Another silly,
stupid little girl
gets herself into danger,
and somehow
it's our responsibility?
How is any of this our fault?
This doesn't even make sense.
I guess not.
Oh.
There it is.
Anton, where have you been?
At work again paying
for this one-bedroom dump?
Where's the money you promised
when we got married?
Anton, you can't even provide
security for your family.
Don't you dare take my son.
This marriage is over.
I am sick of wasting my life
with someone who can't even
take care of us.
You'll never,
ever hear from us again.
Why are you doing this?
Why are you doing this to us?
What kind of a woman
could ever love you?
You're pathetic.
How could another woman stand
to be with you?
Is there someone else?
Tell me!
I'm asking you,
is there someone else?
Answer me, who is he?
You don't deserve love.
No woman could ever love you.
Police.
Hello? Mr. Casey?
Are you home?
Let's move.
Let's collect this boot print
just in case.
Let's see if he has
his employers listed online.
Oh, hi,
I'm sorry to keep you waiting.
No problem, Mrs. Banks,
thank you for meeting with us.
Sure. Come in.
Thank you.
I didn't realize you were here.
Well, it'll be good
to get your perspective as well.
How are you doing?
- I'm okay.
- Good, good.
Before we get into anything,
I just want to express
that Escape Pads
is very upset at what happened
and our main concern is you.
We just have a few details
we need to clear up
so we can get a better picture
of what happened.
Do you by chance have a copy
of the police report.
It's on the counter
in the manila envelope.
Yep, I got it.
Thank you.
Um, the report should handle
most our questions, really.
That you know that Escape Pads
is on your side and...
And we just want to make sure
that all our bases are covered.
Get the forms out, please.
Now, these are
standard insurance forms
we need you to review
and sign off for us.
You should take your time
reading that.
What is this?
Waiving liability?
It's...
Are you trying to ensure
that I don't sue you?
I'm sorry,
I can't sign anything like that.
Well, we're not trying
to make you feel compelled
to sign anything right now.
We'll leave these here and you
can look over them tonight...
With her attorney.
Maybe you saw her
at the house with us.
I'm sure she'd have
a few thoughts about this.
Mm-hm.
I think you and your friend
have the wrong idea
about our intentions.
We are just as upset about this
as you are, ma'am.
You're just here
to cover your asses.
I'm here to help, ma'am,
and, frankly,
I don't appreciate the tone
that this conversation
is taking.
Our company didn't ask
your friend here
to cavort around town
with strange men.
I mean, am I right?
What did you just say?
- We should really be...
- I think you should get out.
I said get out.
You have a wonderful day.
Um, can we have those back,
please?
Of course.
Not a good showing, Michael.
We're gonna have a serious talk.
If he thinks
we are not suing him now.
Ooh, that piece of...
How did he know about Jack?
He barely looked at this.
How did he know I met up
with Jack the night before?
♪ Well, he was there
when the police came.
Maybe he talked to one of them.
I guess so.
Why were they there?
How did they get there so fast?
Maybe he tripped an alarm?
But the guy who attacked me
was inside when I got back.
There wasn't an alarm going off.
Did you even see an alarm?
No.
There's something up with him.
Look, the police
will figure it out.
Who are you calling?
Hannah.
I wanna see what she thinks.
Jack?
You home?
Dad sent me over.
Jack?
Why haven't you been answering
any of our calls?
It stinks in here, bro.
You gotta really learn
to clean up.
Hey, I'm headed out
to see Hannah.
Oh, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait.
You need nutrition.
You've been stressed,
so I made you this.
This looks delicious.
Mm, mm.
It is delicious,
but I really have to go.
Okay, just give me like
two minutes and I'll be ready.
Girl, seriously,
it's not a big deal.
I survived, right?
I have to know
I can handle this by myself.
- You trust me?
- Yeah.
Wait, hang on,
just as long as you take this.
Okay. For you.
Be safe.
Love you!
When you booked it
is pretty concrete.
I mean,
nobody really reads those.
But we can establish malice
based on how derelict they are
in their responsibility
to their clients.
We have a case, but it could be
a tough road though,
and after everything
you've been through,
- I don't think you sh...
- I wanna do it.
The way those men treated me.
And these vultures
don't let a day go by
before they show up at my house
and try to hustle me.
I don't want that to happen
to anyone else.
All right.
We're gonna see it through
the whole way.
Thank you.
So, how much do I owe you?
- Hannah, you have to let...
- No, no, no.
Stop.
I'm gonna take care
of things here.
You'll relax.
Well, I'm headed to the spa,
so that should be no problem.
- By yourself?
- Yeah.
Oh, but I could go with you.
I would love that,
but aren't you busy?
Well, I can push things back
and then...
I literally
just talked to Alesha
about treating me like a victim.
All right.
You enjoy yourself.
Thank you.
Afternoon, gentlemen.
Wasn't expecting a visit
from you.
Is this an all right time?
Yeah, we were just
finishing up our review
on your case just now.
Well, I'd like to follow up
with you gentlemen
on a couple of things.
It'll be a minute of your time.
- Gladly.
- I'm just a little curious
about these electronic locks
on the property.
How simple would it be to...
I guess the term is override
them and gain access inside?
Well, each property belongs
to an individual owner,
and we act as the liaison
between both parties.
Oh, so your company
has no physical ownership
- over the places you rent.
- Not as such.
I mean, there's some premium
properties that we own outright,
but for the most part
we're the middleman.
Do you need me
to elaborate on that?
No.
I'm just at a loss here.
My technician
that examined the system
says it's very securely
encrypted.
Someone would have
to have a key to enter,
or be one hell
of an electronics wiz
to bypass it.
That should narrow things
down a bit.
Well, I'd like to talk
to the owner, if possible.
I can't find
any contact information for.
I'm sorry,
we can't give you that.
That's private information.
We're not in the business
of betraying our clients.
There are legal channels
you can go through
to request such information,
but I'm sure
you're aware of that.
You know, fellas,
I understand your interest
is to limit your liability
and your client's liability.
Now I'm not looking to put
the owner of this property
in any kind of legal bind.
I just want to have a little
chat to help with this case,
see if I can access
any security footage,
- things like that.
- Oh, I'm certain
that your intentions
are pure, Detective,
I just... I just wouldn't be
doing my job if I did that.
Our company
would be more than happy
to fulfill any subpoenas
of our records.
And correct me if I'm wrong,
I thought you had a suspect.
Wouldn't your time
be better spent
talking to him about all this?
The strange man
that she spread her legs for
the night before.
I would.
But he was found dead
in his home.
That would make it difficult.
I'll get those subpoenas
over to you
as soon as possible.
That one has a major problem.
She seems reasonable enough.
I mean...
Whose side are you on here,
Mike?
I didn't know
there were any sides.
Okay, let me lay it out for you.
Some loose girl
gets all liquored up
and invites a stranger
into her home.
The next night, someone happens
to try to rape her.
Now we're being harassed
by a rinky-dink detective
that can't put
two and two together.
You get it?
- I guess.
- "I guess."
"I don't know, I guess."
I'm going to lunch.
Built in 1995.
The West Palm Beach incident.
Who is Laura Winters?
All these incidents.
Oh my God.
Anton's the trust holder?
Craig, no.
He bleached his clothes.
And Anton left in a van?
I tried to get a picture of it,
but it was the same van,
I know it.
Dani.
I know what I saw.
I believe you.
So what are you gonna do
about it?
Call the detective.
But...
He bleached everything.
It's not really evidence
if there's no DNA on it.
Well, it could be.
I need something more.
No, no. No, no, no, no.
Whatever it is
you're thinking, no.
If he's this buttoned up
about things,
it probably happened before.
I need the full story.
Let the police
get the full story.
Look, Detective Greer
is on your side.
You can trust her,
and I don't say that lightly.
No!
Help!
Until this is situated,
I don't feel comfortable
staying here.
He knows where I live.
We know he's not afraid
to break into houses.
Yeah.
Okay.
As soon as I get to your place,
I'll call the detective.
Okay, thanks, babe.
Bye.
Hello, it's Craig.
Please call back
when you get this.
It's my house too, remember?
It's good to be back.
I don't have anywhere else
to go.
What about her place?
Let's make a baby, baby.
I gotta go.
Didn't work out.
Well, you can't be here
right now.
This is not a good place to be.
What's that supposed to mean?
Seems like
it's the best place to be.
You don't understand.
Dani.
I don't have anywhere to go.
Well, you should have
thought about that
before you cheated on me.
Craig.
You have to go.
Wow, you're more on edge
than normal.
I was attacked.
What?
Somebody tried to kill me.
No, you're playing with me.
See for yourself.
Look, I gotta leave,
but you better not be here
when I get back.
And take your stuff with you
this time.
I'm not holding onto them
any longer.
Ow.
Aggravated assault.
Walking home alone at night,
date never showed up.
Date? She was on a date?
Yeah, she really was attacked.
But why would you go
to the beach?
Or at least tell me you're going
so I could...
God, what was she thinking?
She could have
just stayed with me,
just listened for once.
How could this happen to her?
It's not gonna happen again.
I can protect her.
I'm gonna keep her safe.
It was this guy
that made her walk home alone.
I would have never done that.
And you're positive
it was the same van?
Absolutely, and the clothes
were in a black bag...
What?
I just realized
I left it at my house.
Okay.
But I'll be there
first thing in the morning.
We'll go over everything
carefully
and make a statement.
You stay safe.
And there's no way
he or anyone at the company
has your friend's address,
is there?
Okay, good.
I'll call you first thing
in the morning.
Thank you, Detective.
Danielle.
What you did was very brave.
You leave these things to me,
though.
Okay, good night.
Good night.
Hello?
Miss Banks?
Who is this?
It's Mike from Escape Pads.
I have something
regarding your case
to look into.
Miss Banks?
Yes, I'm here.
I can't say a lot.
Just try to get in touch
with a Laura Winters.
She's the owner of the property.
How do I do that?
Mr. King?
No, no, I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry about that.
Everything she did to you,
she deserves
everything she gets.
Just so you know,
your death will not be in vain.
I almost failed
for the first time.
Never made a mistake.
Never even been suspected.
This is all new to me.
Then you come along,
and you make it so easy.
The jilted spouse snaps,
tries to kill the girl
and the lover.
I mean, it's...
It's too perfect, isn't it?
Huh?
Isn't it?
Thank you.
Alesha was right.
Should've blocked you.
Love is a killer.
Thanks, Detective.
Yeah, we'll be here waiting.
Craig?
Craig? The bag is gone, did...
Craig!
Call 911!
It was the exact same van,
I'm telling you.
Craig wasn't a perfect person,
but I know he wasn't the one
who attacked me that night.
Okay, I've got a lot of work
left to do here,
but I promise you,
we're gonna follow up on this.
I'm not gonna close this case
until I'm 100% sure
we have whoever did this
and that you're safe.
You have my word.
Thank you.
Excuse me.
This is Greer.
Detective Greer.
Anton King from Escape Pads.
Why were you at my property
last night?
I'm afraid I don't.
I can't help but think
that you have
some kind of
personal vendetta against me
because I wouldn't
bend over backwards for you.
You know, I have
a lot of contacts
and I don't want to file
a formal complaint against you
for harassment.
Are you at a loss for words?
Enjoy this while you can,
Mr. King.
Again, I don't know
what you mean.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah,
share, share.
Sebastian, get out of there!
Let them eat.
You've had enough.
What's wrong with you?
Nothing.
They found Ms. Banks' attacker
this morning.
Suicide.
Her fiancé
followed her to the beach
so we're off the hook
on this one.
Whooo!
Yup!
Textbook.
Are you sweating, Michael?
I have to get some air.
I'm sorry, Dani.
No one should have
to go through all this.
What a bastard.
It wasn't Craig.
Look, I know you still want
to see the best in him, but...
It wasn't him.
Look, I've got
a quick Zoom meeting,
and then I'm all yours.
So can I get you anything
right now?
No, I'm okay.
Thank you.
Well, there's coffee upstairs,
too, if you need.
I'm fine.
Okay.
Hi, I'm looking for Mike
or Michael
with the security division.
Hi, beautiful.
Mike's not here right now.
Hey!
They canceled my meeting.
We need to go
to Hannah's office.
Now.
- That's it.
- This?
That's the vacation house.
So Laura Winter is dead.
Anton owns the house?
Whoa!
Not looking too good, Mike.
I just needed to get some...
Fresh air, right?
You know what,
why don't we take a ride,
and I'll make all your fresh air
worries disappear.
No, it's okay.
I think I should be all good
in just a bit.
Get in the car.
Please, do not make me
repeat myself.
Where are we going?
It's a surprise.
You like those, don't you?
Uh...
Not sure? Okay.
How about privacy,
do you like that?
'Cause I do.
So answer me this, Mike.
Laura Winters' property holdings
on my computer?
And why was Danielle Banks
calling you?
Yes, thank you, Detective.
They're gonna put you in a hotel
until they find him.
An officer's gonna come
to pick you up,
and he'll be guarding the lobby
once you're there.
Just one?
Yes, he's gonna be under
an assumed name.
Plus I think he's too smart
to just walk into a local hotel
as a wanted man, right?
It'll be all right.
Okay. Okay.
So what can I do?
You should pick up her stuff
from your place.
Okay. Okay, I...
I can do that.
Where are your keys?
Oh.
Okay, I'll be back soon.
Thank you!
I can get out of your hair
if you need to work.
Oh, no, I'm fine.
But I think
you should get some rest.
There's a suite for you
if you want.
Yeah, that sounds good.
Come on, I'll show you.
Mike, check this out.
The tracker on her car
is working.
Oh, you don't care.
Here she comes.
I see you.
I'm on my way now.
This is gonna be fun.
All right, I'm gonna be
one second, Mike.
You just hang tight, all right?
All right.
Shut up! Shut up!
Come here!
Shh, shh, shh!
Where are you, girl?
Hey!
Hi, beautiful.
What have you done to her?
She's just fine!
And she will stay that way
if you do what I say.
I want you to come meet me
by yourself.
If I see you with anyone else,
especially the police,
I will do to your friend here
what I did to the others,
you understand?
Where?
Where we had our first date,
silly.
Now, hurry up,
because I might get bored
and use your friend as...
entertainment.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, shh, shh!
Relax.
As long as you stay
nice and quiet,
I have no reason to hurt you.
You've done nothing wrong,
as far as I know.
Unlike your friend.
Breaking her vows.
Okay?
Good girl.
Anton?
I'm here.
Alone.
Get up.
Okay, it's all right, shh.
So nice of you to join us.
Not quite yet.
I'm the one you want.
Let her go.
She gets to watch.
Hey, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa.
Not if I don't have to.
You should've been
more committed to your husband.
But instead, you come here
and celebrate your divorce
with your friends?
Why do you care?
I see it all the time.
You women on your vacations
thinking you can just escape
from your responsibilities.
"Oh, I'm searching
for the new me
so I can be free!"
But you, you took it
a step further
with your adultery.
You made yourself a target.
Now you need to be punished.
And you have the right
to determine that?
Right? No.
It's not my right.
It's my burden.
Ah!
- Are you okay?
- Mhm.
Okay, take my phone.
You need to go to the bedroom
and lock yourself in.
Danielle,
I'm not gonna leave you!
Just go, trust me!
Danielle! Danielle!
Danielle!
Ah, there's no place to hide!
I know this place
inside and out.
Ah!
Where do you think
you're going, huh?
Where do you think you're going?
You're not going anywhere.
I'm gonna kill you.
Dani!
Are you okay?
Yeah.
It's over.
Oh, my God.
Wow, this really makes it
feel real.
I just want to leave
all of this behind me.
Okay, well,
as soon as you get settled,
we are gonna go
on a proper vacation
at a five star hotel on me.
I'll drink to that.
- Okay.
- Wine?
A bottle of champagne!
- Oh!
- Champagne.
- Champagne it is.
- Yes!
Let's go plan it,
where should we go?
- Bora Bora!
- Ooh, I like that!